Extend service invocation to non-Dapr endpoints docs (#3384)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/http.md

  - "/operations/components/setup-bindings/supported-bindings/http/"
---

## Alternative

> The [Service invocation API]({{< ref service_invocation_api.md >}}) allows for the invocation of non-Daprized endpoints. Please keep this in mind as an easy-to-use alternative providing many of the service invocation benefits when looking to interact with services outside of your Dapr environment.

Reviewer: Add this as a Note under the heading

```suggestion
The [service invocation API]({{< ref service_invocation_api.md >}}) allows for the invocation of non-Dapr HTTP endpoints and is the recommend approach. Read ["How-To: Invoke Non-Daprized Endpoints"]({{< ref XXX ADD CORRECT LINK HERE.md XXX>}})
```
